before I wake is one of those movies
that gets finished and then for whatever
reason takes forever to get released
which to me is weird because it has an
Academy award-winning actress his
co-star even though Jacob Trembley to me
is like the new Haley Joel Osment this
movie is just a stream it's which is
perfect since it's already on Netflix
let me explain we follow Cody who's a
little boy that's been going from foster
parents to foster parents but he has a
gift that only appears when he's
sleeping but that gift can also turn
into a nightmare which brings about
these magical butterflies and instead
turns them into freakin Slenderman his
newest foster father is getting sick of
this little boy and all of his nightmare
things that keep appearing so he decides
to come into his room with a clock ready
to kill Damien the regrets the last
minute and they lock him up in Arkham
forward to a couple whose kid went
rubba-dub-- drown in the bathtub and
I've been trying really hard to cope
with their loss so they decided by
another kid
they bring Cody home and this social
worker doesn't even give them a warning
doesn't notify them that there have been
literally have gone missing when they
tried taking care of this kid she
doesn't show them the CARFAX on this
child which would have been a nice thing
to know but he joins their family and he
starts staring at a portrait of the old
kid the same way buz would stare at
woody everything seems to be going fine
until the mom tries to tuck him into bed
and he mentions that he doesn't like
sleeping because he's afraid of the
canker man the canker man if you don't
get it by the spelling I guess that's
why you're watching this video he knocks
out and all of a sudden these butter
fries appear and the parents think it's
really cool and so holy smokes so does
their child
now I'm gonna say this if my dead kid
appears out of nowhere
I might have to punt them but you can't
just be accepting demons into your house
because they pretend to be your loved
ones I'm gonna have to give my future
kid an activation code to distinguish
him from any clones that try to take his
place anyways
Cody wakes up which means that these
manifestations are really just a part of
his dreams and that that kid appeared
exactly like he did on the portrait
couldn't speak or anything because
that's the only time that Cody has ever
seen him the mom picks up on this like a
Harvard graduate and gets to work
she starts posting up more pictures of
her original kid all over the place she
shows Cody home videos of the kid and
the next time that Cody max out those
Navi butterflies appear and she gets
parental access to her child
here's the thing though Cody ain't dumb
he starts picking up on the fact that
he's getting used and starts having
these nightmares again in where the
canker man actually appears in real life
so now there's a struggle between the
mom forcing the kid to knock out and
this kid pulling a Nightmare on Elm
Street literally popping sugar packets
like speed so he can stay up eventually
he comes across a bully at school who
he's trying to avoid at recess but since
this dude's been getting no sleep he
knocks out like I did in high school
leaving Logan Paul jr. over here to come
in and try to do a shenanigans
luckily the canker man appears like
Death Note and consumes this kid like a
Hollywood executive whole town's now
freaking out because there's a missing
kid which causes Cody himself to freak
out when the police come by and he asked
his parents how did Sean die what not
that good of an actor now haunt Tremblay
obviously this kid definitely wants to
avoid sleep so he starts jacking the
coffee he's drinking it without even
French pressing it however his foster
mom starts treating him like Slim Shady
and slipping ambien pills to him that
means that this kid is out cold so when
the canker man appears to attack the
parents and goes from really bad
PlayStation 2 graphics to looking like
those puddy minions from Mighty Morphin
Power Rangers they can't do anything to
stop it
and look look at this frame right here I
know sir Tremblay is expensive but dude
that budget
Skeletor ends up eating the dad and pimp
smacks - mom she knocks out she wakes up
husband is gone the kid gets repossessed
and taken away because they claim that
the mom was feeding him pills that well
the doctor subscribed and even later on
they end up giving him pills but either
way it leaves the audience with one of
the biggest questions in the movie how
does this woman not have bags in her
eyes like she's a nurse so you know
she's working mad hours she's staying up
late so she can talk to her dead son
she's a full-on mother as well how does
she not look like she's about to fly
Southwest that's how you know this movie
is fiction anyways mom goes on her quest
for answers and she solves the entire
case you see the thing is Cody was born
to a single mother who noticed that Cody
had a gift as he got older those mutant
powers that he had would develop more
and more but his mom's health got worse
and worse she ends up dying of cancer
he as a kid that was pronounced canker
so the last time that he ends up seeing
his mom is her completely drained and
that ends up being the image that gets
engraved in his mind and what he
attaches to what would become the canker
monster as he went from foster home to
foster home his powers would continue to
develop causing him to have these
nightmares whenever things were going
wrong or not the way that he wanted him
to so if he had a foster mom who got
sick and it reminded him of his dying
mother those nightmares were then
happened again which would release the
canker monster and ends up eating that
mom that then causes the dad to go crazy
because every night the kid would dream
variations of that mom and it ends up
being like a mannequin it looks like a
mail-order bride so obviously that's
when you get the beginning where the
dude comes in with a Glock and ends up
in an asylum with all this info the main
actress then goes to the foster
institution which he's taken over in his
sleep he's got everyone cooped up in
cocoon since you know his powers are
growing and it keeps with the whole
butterfly theme the mom has to encounter
her child drowning on repeat and learn
to move on and then she confronts the
monster by showing the mom's original
build-a-bear butterfly given the monster
a hug and then sharing a Pepsi Cody's
inner demons have been conquered by
someone who finally truly loves him and
even though I don't think it's legal
she takes the kid home and the social
worker just looks at them and she lets
it happen she tells him a bedtime story
about how his powers will grow as he
matures how she'll never leave him and
how every missing person he hurt can
come back if he just dreams it except
for her husband like she straight-up
asked for everyone to come back to the
real world and she's just like I wish
him a good afterlife thank you guys for
checking out this video as always let me
know your thoughts down below this is
one of those movies it's very
interesting like it's due it's going the
route of the babadook but unlike the
babadook there's a lot of you know
things with the budget that didn't
really help out and instead of leaving
it to the imagination they show you
things for the jump-scares i think i
think the director is very competent in
doing things you know I love Jacob
Tremblay but other than that I think
it's just worth watching on Netflix
which is exactly where it is let me know
your thoughts down below let me know any
other movies you want me to cover and
until next time don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and I will send you
one of those magical butterflies